issues/228-how-to-test-faucet-deployment (#230)
paritytech/helm-charts: charts/substrate-faucet/README.md

     ✅ MATRIX_SERVER: "https://matrix.org"
     ✅ NETWORK_DECIMALS: 12
     ✅ NETWORK_UNIT: "PICA"
     ✅ FAUCET_IGNORE_LIST: ""
     ✅ DEPLOYED_REF: "unset"
     ✅ DEPLOYED_TIME: "unset"
[2023-03-31T18:19:31.850] [INFO] default - ✅ BOT config validated
SMF:
  📦 BACKEND:
     ✅ FAUCET_ACCOUNT_MNEMONIC: *****
     ✅ FAUCET_BALANCE_CAP: 100
     ✅ INJECTED_TYPES: "[]"
     ✅ NETWORK_DECIMALS: 12
     ✅ PORT: 5555
     ✅ RPC_ENDPOINT: "https://picasso-rococo-rpc-lb.composablenodes.tech/"
     ✅ DEPLOYED_REF: "paritytech/faucet:latest"
     ✅ DEPLOYED_TIME: "2023-03-31T18:18:58"
     ✅ EXTERNAL_ACCESS: false
     ✅ DRIP_AMOUNT: "0.5"
     ✅ RECAPTCHA_SECRET: *****
[2023-03-31T18:19:31.932] [INFO] default - ✅ BACKEND config validated
[2023-03-31T18:19:32.069] [INFO] default - Starting faucet v1.1.2
[2023-03-31T18:19:32.069] [INFO] default - Faucet backend listening on port 5555.
[2023-03-31T18:19:32.069] [INFO] default - Using @polkadot/api 10.0.1
Connected to the in-memory SQlite database.
Getting saved sync token...
Getting push rules...
Attempting to send queued to-device messages
Got saved sync token
Got reply from saved sync, exists? false
All queued to-device messages sent

> 2023-03-31 18:19:34        API/INIT: RPC methods not decorated: assets_balanceOf, assets_listAssets, crowdloanRewards_amountAvailableToClaimFor, ibc_clientUpdateTimeAndHeight, ibc_generateConnectionHandshakeProof, ibc_queryBalanceWithAddress, ibc_queryChannel, ibc_queryChannelClient, ibc_queryChannels, ibc_queryClientConsensusState, ibc_queryClientState, ibc_queryClients, ibc_queryConnection, ibc_queryConnectionChannels, ibc_queryConnectionUsingClient, ibc_queryConnections, ibc_queryDenomTrace, ibc_queryDenomTraces, ibc_queryEvents, ibc_queryLatestHeight, ibc_queryNewlyCreatedClient, ibc_queryNextSeqRecv, ibc_queryPacketAcknowledgement, ibc_queryPacketAcknowledgements, ibc_queryPacketCommitment, ibc_queryPacketCommitments, ibc_queryPacketReceipt, ibc_queryProof, ibc_queryRecvPackets, ibc_querySendPackets, ibc_queryUnreceivedAcknowledgement, ibc_queryUnreceivedPackets, ibc_queryUpgradedClient, ibc_queryUpgradedConnectionState, pablo_pricesFor, pablo_simulateAddLiquidity, pablo_simulateRemoveLiquidity
> 2023-03-31 18:19:34        API/INIT: picasso/10013: Not decorating unknown runtime apis: 0x9c53906fa888fe7c/1, 0x5c497be959ff24ab/1, 0xf60c4a6e7ca253cc/1, 0xa74824145d05c12a/1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| `serviceMonitor.scrapeTimeout` | Timeout for each scrape request                                                      | `30s`   |
| `serviceMonitor.targetLabels`  | List of target labels to be added to all metrics collected from this service monitor | `[]`    |
| `ingress.enabled`              | Specifies whether as Ingress should be created                                       | `false` |

### How to use the faucet

Once deployed, you would want to test the faucet.

>   - Impersonate the matrix bot and login using the web app element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Create a matrix bot account on your matrix server and login using the element web app
```

> https://app.element.io/#/room/#picasso-rococo-faucet:matrix.org 

Reviewer: remove reference to Picasso
```suggestion
https://app.element.io/#/room/#test_bot_faucet:matrix.org
```

>   - while loged in as  the bot, using  the UI create a new public room

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - while logged in as  the bot, use the UI to create a new public room
```

  - with a new matrix user, join the room

>   - have account that can receive pica ready and run this cmd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - set up an account ready to receive tokens on your chain and send this message command:
```

```
!drip 5vFiJ56meRz883MRPkK2TnigBKCAr99x9DZUMotwTBLBmEM3
```

> ![how_to_test_the_faucet.png](.img/how_to_test_the_faucet.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bot should respond:

    Sent @user:matrix.org 1 UNIT. Extrinsic hash:
    0xffaf7fc6ddda98c2467658527b39c9e775b7e02dd76cd139ff183090659fd7c4
```
The image is not very useful and will bloat the repo can you please remove it.
